First cluster grpc service should be NodePort for the second cluster to connect (#16430)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/deployment-configurations/single-dc-multi-k8s.mdx

This is needed to connect to servers from another cluster without using the pod IPs of the servers,
which are likely going to change.

> The other services, especially grpc is also set to be `NodePort` with a random nodePort. Here, it chose 30014.
> This is needed to discover the consul servers using gRPC when connecting from another cluster.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other services are exposed as `NodePort` services and configured with random port numbers. In this example, the `grpc` port is set to `30014`, which enables services to discover Consul servers using gRPC when connecting from another cluster.

```
Fixing the grammar errors

Author: Thank you @trujillo-adam 
Apologies for the grammatical errors :)

  hosts: ["10.0.0.4"]
  # The node port of the UI's NodePort service or the load balancer port.
  httpsPort: 31557

>   # The GRPC port of the Consul servers(first cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Matches the gRPC port of the Consul servers in the first cluster.
```
We should refer to "gRPC" consistently

Author: Sure, that's correct.

cluster1-consul-ui   NodePort   10.0.240.80   <none>        443:31557/TCP   40h
```

> The `grpcPort: 30014` refers to the grpc nodePort set in the first cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `grpcPort: 30014` configuration refers to the gRPC port number specified in the `NodePort` configuration in the first cluster.
```
It's `NodePort` and not `nodePort`, correct?

Author: @trujillo-adam that's correct, it should be `nodePort`  👍
